hello welcome to another review today
I'll show you the crater news 0 0 for
USB powered speakers we do like these
because me personally the design quality
of these and the style is just
absolutely outstanding and the language
seen up in a lot of this style on the
market again that's just me personally
but you're going to love these so I'm
going to take them our box show you
rounding their tab it more about them so
there we go and as you can see and
that's all said these are really stylish
don't you think I just look at that
noise shiny black in there you know even
a speaker showing our love these these
are actually idea for your laptops or
some sort of their mp3 player absolutely
ideal these are 5 watts so you know then
the loudest most outstanding speaker 3
is on the market but come on boy yeah
the money part watts but while can tell
you is you are getting a best sound
quality from these Daniel would you know
just listen to the speakers on your
laptop or even listen to your mp3 player
yeah do you speak is just perfect for
that really are now as well you said
they are USB powered so you might
thinking about alcohol power yeah get
the USB and plug in to me I phone or mp3
player or some sort of play a lot that
we can't but what you can do is you can
plug this in to your PC to power these
or you can even get our USB to plug
sockets something like this so you can
plug it in or that they enter your plug
to power these then once you've done
that you also get in the box a 3.5
millimeter jack so you plug this into
the back of the speaker right here they
could plug this name into your mp3
player or your iphone or ipod or
not that that's how then you can get
yourself on your nose portable devices
love that to these so I do like that
you're free point five millimeter jack
you also use on your laptop to stick
into your headphone socket to get the
sound from the laptop to these so that's
basically how you plug this up a very
very import to do there's no drivers to
install the basis of the USB is just a
power just a power these okay bear that
in mind on the back this speaker I'll
show you quickly around you have a
volume control water so you can turn it
up and down as you wish you also get a
bass knob what is and can turn the bass
up and down now there these ain't really
basic at all there is a bit on say it's
the best it is a bit there but to be
honest that suits me fine because i'm
not really a base junkie so the sound or
did myself like because you didn't
reduce a lot of bass or did like that
all I don't give you a quick demo so
first things first I'm actually going to
plug it in to my computer what it over
here so these on top so now I'm actually
going to be using me your iPhone and the
3.5 millimeter Jackie and a stick in the
top and are there to buy you a few
tracks I'll give you a demo in your line
so here we go
so there you have it that's a quick air
sound test for you as you probably can
hear they was they did sound quite good
you probably noticed ain't a great deal
of base there like I've already set or
you mentioned this they are any fault
wats remember as I have already said
early on this video but yeah you know
you're getting a really right sound from
these from your mp3 player of some type
or even from your laptop speakers
because I saw what he said you will get
better sound quality from these than the
built-in speaker to self on your device
so yeah overall I'm really impressed
with these again off in a style is
excellent did you sign it sectioned the
sound quality is really good as well so
04 on highly recommending these well
that's it for me and a lot to find the
air PR team for contacting me and to
arrange for these to be sent out to us
to review we really do appreciate it and
as always I look out for my next video
reviews and to the next time we will see
you laters
you